by popular demand we have the
SteelSeries Sens day which is the
replacement for the zai both of which
are cruel jokes for gamers who have a
bit of a list like myself alright so
let's open up this bad boy and take out
the most will find a braided cord we
find a bag of do not eat and what else
do we have
oh oh documentation all right all right
and then we've got the mouse itself so
it is the replacement for the zai as I
mentioned before so what makes the
essence' special compared to the zai
well I will get into that in a moment
let's have a look at what's included
first this is a Quick Start Guide and
that's a stick Quick Start Guide look at
that so in a bunch of different
languages because SteelSeries does sell
worldwide so that's one reason why they
might do that got some features got some
firmware update instructions on most
menu systems okay cool cool cool I'll go
through that a little bit when we're
looking at the mouse itself and then we
have a SteelSeries catalog which
includes a bunch of stuff including as i
saw on the back some stuff that's not
even out yet their Diablo 3 stuff which
is coming it looks really cool okay so
the sensei itself it's got some we
didn't really look at the box much we've
got a couple of professional gamer
testimonials one from Patrick Karn Seth
okay he's the Swedish Swedish national
team captain and then we've also got
grubby on here who's a Warcraft 3 guru
all right finally we've got ok
SteelSeries what they have to say for
themselves so ambidextrous shape and
comfortable grip coating I can vouch for
that because the grip is actually and
the shape is actually the same as the
zai which preceded it ok it has a 32-bit
ARM processor on board which makes it
according to SteelSeries the most
customizable gaming most ever built
you can enable advanced on ok they've
enabled advanced advanced on mouse
calculations it allows unprecedented
personal setups and millisecond response
times it was born for tournament victory
and built to help you win okay what else
we got here in terms of the overall
feature set so economic yes yes ah they
claim it is optimized for all types palm
claw and fingertip grip okay
no palm paw and swipe actually swipe I'm
not familiar with so if anyone is a
youtuber out there who wants to comment
on the video and link me what swipe grip
is I would be very much obliged all
right it has programmable illumination
16.8 million color options that is
enabled on your mouse wheel here on your
okay on the sigh this was the DPI toggle
but I don't know what it does on the
sensei and then finally on the
SteelSeries logo at the back you can
change those to whatever color you want
instant effortless setup via the
built-in LCD on the bottom so you can
have up to five gaming profiles as well
as SteelSeries exact tech precision
settings which I'm going to talk about a
little bit after because that is one of
the reasons that SteelSeries is still my
preferred Mouse of choice okay Mouse of
choice of preferred mouse you can't
really say both but I haven't Akari lays
around my desk at home and I love it and
it is because of the SteelSeries
software LCD supports user personalized
bitmaps so actually this is kind of cool
check this out you can actually put on
little like logos and stuff down there
that's something that I don't believe
was enabled on my Akari laser so there
you go they've updated that particular
feature and you can double your mouth
speed with DCPI from fifty seven hundred
to eleven point four thousand CPI
fascinating okay supported by steel
series engine technology offering
operation configuration customization
and advanced macros across the steel
series peripherals also let you guys
have a look at the overall specs here so
there's your counts per inch which is
steel series what they claims is a more
accurate way of measuring compared to
dpi which is what everyone else uses
which is dots per inch okay one of the
other cool things that about the CPI
concept itself from steel series is that
they believe you should have the utmost
control and you can actually adjust your
counts per inch all the way from one
which would be just phenomenally slow up
to fifty seven hundred in one increment
so you see a lot of mice that offer you
six hundred eight hundred 1000 dpi
settings and those are all preset you
can't really alter them well steel
series actually allows you to adjust in
increments of one absolutely whatever
you desire so let's take some closer
looks at the mouse itself
you got your forward and your back
buttons here
for your right-handed people and then
you've got your forward and back buttons
here for your left-handed people so it
is truly ambidextrous remember to though
if you're right-handed you can also
reach these buttons with your pink here
with your ring finger if you want to go
ahead and use those for macros or you
know copy paste or you know in-game
functions whatever the case may be
finally up here you've got what is also
a programmable button but I believe by
default it's which is the CPI you've got
your mouse wheel and you have your left
and your right clicks on the bottom you
see your SteelSeries gaming grade engine
which I believe they mean laser okay so
that's your laser sensor on the bottom
of the mouse and you've got your usual
slippy feet those are your nonstick
surfaces which are very durable if my
Akari is anything to go by which I've
had actually for a couple years now we
also got a SteelSeries sticker with it
and last but not least I did want to say
a little bit of something about the
settings in the SteelSeries software so
there's a few different things as exact
cents so that is what I talked about
before with the exact CPI setting
there's free move which allows you to
adjust motion correction personally I
hate motion correction although some
gamers feel differently about it one way
or another I turn this all the way off
and I love having this option where I
can turn off angle snapping I can turn
off prediction and I don't have to deal
with that exactly where I move the mouse
is exactly where I want it to go folks I
don't want any compensation and
SteelSeries allows me to do that that's
actually pretty much it oh these are
kind of neat exact acceleration I've
never used this before but the
acceleration works by increasing the CPI
as the mouse is moved quickly and then
there's exact aim which actually reduces
the CPI as the mouse's move slowly
allowing users to focus in on targets
personally I prefer a more linear
response but feel free to play around
with those settings so you can get the
most out of your sensei at least they do
offer the option thank you for checking
out my unboxing of the sensei as you
guys can probably tell at this point bit
of a SteelSeries mouse fanboy so I'm
really looking forward to playing around
with this guy very excited so I just
want to show you guys the lighting
effect on the sensei and I've got it on
a test bench which I'm very excited
about dual GTX 590 s gigabyte g1
assassin 990 X Extreme Edition anyway so
that's the kind of gaming hardware
hopefully you can
you can hook your sensei up to so
there's the SteelSeries logo on the back
there's the indicator up here and then
you can see also the lighting on this
each side of the mouse wheel so it's not
super dark in here so the lighting
effects are quite bright on there there
you have it thank you for checking out
my unboxing and don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from our
boxing's reviews and other computer
videos